Update design doc to reflect Sig-Arch Decision. (#3175)
openenclave/openenclave: docs/DesignDocs/system_ocall_opt_in.md

if an enclave with EDL file `sample.edl` wants to use the function `oe_log_ocall()` they can do
one of the following:

> *Note: SGX SDK requires the user to link specific libraries in addition to importing the system edl.

Reviewer: Should we say Intel SGX SDK?

Author: I thought I heard in Sig-Arch that Intel SGX SDK has been contributed to CCC and is just SGX SDK.
CC: @dthaler

Reviewer 2: Technically there's two different SDK's right?   There's the "SGX SDK for Linux" that is now a CCC project with that label on the CCC site.  And then there's the "Intel SGX SDK for Windows".   If this sentence applies to both, then maybe it should explicitly mention both, rather than incorrectly implying there's only one.

Author: Mentioned both SDKs.

For example, in order to use the switchless calling feature, the user must import sgx_tswitchless.edl,and
link sgx_tswitchless.a in enclave and sgx_uswitchless.a in the host. In contrasst, OE SDK will only require
the user to import switchless.edl, and not require the user to link new libraries for system edls.

> However, The current libraries for system elds  will remain. (e.g: liboehostepoll.a,  liboehostresolver.a, liboelibc.a,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, the current libraries for system EDLs will remain. (i.e.: liboehostepoll.a,  liboehostresolver.a, liboelibc.a,
```
